Update docs to be consistent with Elastic docs (#48)
elastic/app-search-node: README.md

##### Create a Signed Search Key

> Creating a signed search key that will only return the title field. Note: choose a private key with read access enabled to sign the Signed Search Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signed search keys keep your read-only Private API Keys secret and restrict what a user can search over. They can be used to restrict top-level search options. The example below creates a signed search key that will only return the `title` field.

See https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/app-search/current/authentication.html#authentication-signed for more options and documentation.
```

Reviewer: ^ updated the copy to match the Elastic docs a bit more closely (helping note what signed search keys do) as well as links to the docs for more options

##### Create a Signed Search Key

> Signed search keys keep your read-only Private API Keys secret and restrict what a user can search over. They can be used to restrict top-level search options. The example below creates a signed search key that will only return the `title` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Signed search keys keep your read-only private API keys secret and restrict what a user can search over. They can be used to restrict top-level search options. The example below creates a signed search key that will only return the `title` field.
```

Just a minor suggestion to change [capitalization of feature names](https://brand.elastic.co/302f66895/p/072ccc-naming-guide). Else, everything LGTM 👍  Thanks for submitting this doc change!

Reviewer: FYI that was copied from the linked Elastic docs, so we should update it there too
